Druid automated quickstart (#13365)
apache/druid: docs/operations/single-server.md

  -->

Druid includes a set of reference configurations and launch scripts for single-machine deployments.
These configuration bundles are located in `conf/druid/single-server/`.

> The `auto` configuration sizes runtime parameters based on available processors and memory. Other configurations include hard-coded runtime parameters for various server sizes. Most users should stick with `auto`. Refer below [Druid auto start](#Druid-auto-start)

Reviewer: I think the anchor needs to be `#druid-auto-start` not `#Druid-auto-start`

The example configurations run the Druid Coordinator and Overlord together in a single process using the optional configuration `druid.coordinator.asOverlord.enabled=true`, described in the [Coordinator configuration documentation](../configuration/index.md#coordinator-operation).

The `start-druid` is a generic launch script for starting druid services on single server, it accepts optional arguments like services, memory and config.
All reference configurations can be acheived by passing appropriate arguments to this script.

> Existing launch scripts are deprecated and will be removed in the next release. 

Reviewer: This should have a better word than "Existing", maybe "Other"? After all when someone reads this the `bin/start-druid` will exist also

Reviewer 2: +1

Reviewer 3: > Existing launch scripts are deprecated and will be removed in the next release.

I'd rather not include this line ☝️ at all, because IMO we should make the decision to drop the old scripts separately from adding this new feature. Also, never promise anything will happen in "the next release". It's almost a guarantee that it won't happen 🙂

> The `start-druid` is a generic launch script for starting druid services on single server, it accepts optional arguments like services, memory and config.
> All reference configurations can be acheived by passing appropriate arguments to this script.
> Existing launch scripts are deprecated and will be removed in the next release. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`start-druid` is a generic launch script capable of starting any set of Druid services on a server.
It accepts optional arguments such as list of services, total memory and a config directory to override default jvm arguments and service-specific runtime properties.
All other reference configurations (e.g. `micro`, `small`, `xlarge`) can be obtained by passing the
correct memory to this script. The corresponding launch scripts (e.g. `start-micro-quickstart`) are
now deprecated and will be removed in subsequent releases. 
```

While example configurations are provided for very large single machines, at higher scales we recommend running Druid in a [clustered deployment](../tutorials/cluster.md), for fault-tolerance and reduced resource contention.

## Single server reference configurations

### Nano-Quickstart: 1 CPU, 4GiB RAM
### Nano: 1 CPU, 4GiB RAM

> - Launch command: `bin/start-nano-quickstart`

Reviewer 3: Please revert these changes -- this part of the doc is meant to describe the nano, micro, etc, bundled configs, which have their own run commands and config directories. We may change that at some point but we haven't yet.

> - Configuration directory: `conf/druid/single-server/quickstart`

Reviewer: do we still need to list out the `Configuration directory:` is it is the same in every instance?

Reviewer 2: No, we shouldn't have to specify the configuration directory as it is the same for all these profiles.

Author: I adhered to the existing format, but this is redundant information. I will remove it.

### Micro: 4 CPU, 16GiB RAM

- Launch command: `bin/start-druid --memory=16g`
- Configuration directory: `conf/druid/single-server/quickstart`

### Small: 8 CPU, 64GiB RAM (~i3.2xlarge)

- Launch command: `bin/start-druid --memory=64g`
- Configuration directory: `conf/druid/single-server/quickstart`

### Medium: 16 CPU, 128GiB RAM (~i3.4xlarge)

- Launch command: `bin/start-druid --memory=128g`
- Configuration directory: `conf/druid/single-server/quickstart`

### Large: 32 CPU, 256GiB RAM (~i3.8xlarge)

- Launch command: `bin/start-druid --memory=256g`
- Configuration directory: `conf/druid/single-server/quickstart`

### X-Large: 64 CPU, 512GiB RAM (~i3.16xlarge)

- Launch command: `bin/start-druid --memory=512g`
- Configuration directory: `conf/druid/single-server/quickstart`

> Memory argument (`--memory`) in the above launch command is optional, if not specified Druid will use upto 80% of system memory.

Reviewer: I feel like this is a really key point! It is really buried here. I missed it after reading the docs twice and discovered this by playing and running `bin/start-druid --verbose` do we even need to list all the configurations above?

Reviewer 2: I think we need a separate section that explains the usage of `start-druid` and the calls out the key points. It can mostly be taken from the description of this PR. @findingrish , maybe you could add a header right before `Single server reference configurations` and briefly explain the usage and key points such as this point about the memory.

Author: I will try to place it right where we introduce the `start-druid` script. 

> do we even need to list all the configurations above?

I feel it might help the users choose a machine for trying things out.

Reviewer 3: > I feel it might help the users choose a machine for trying things out.

This is a good point! It is helpful to anchor people on a few specific sizes in case they are picking a VM rather than their laptop.

While example configurations are provided for very large single machines, at higher scales we recommend running Druid in a [clustered deployment](../tutorials/cluster.md), for fault-tolerance and reduced resource contention.

## Druid auto start

> Setting up a new Druid cluster can sometimes be complicated as there are several runtime properties required by each service. Each process must also be given the appropriate jvm arguments so that the system can perform optimally.

Reviewer 3: Let's be less apologetic with the wording. I suggest this instead:

> Druid includes a launch script, `bin/start-druid` that automatically sets various memory-related parameters based on available processors and memory. It accepts optional arguments such as list of services, total memory and a config directory to override default jvm arguments and service-specific runtime properties.

`start-druid` is a generic launch script capable of starting any set of Druid services on a server.
It accepts optional arguments such as list of services, total memory and a config directory to override default jvm arguments and service-specific runtime properties.

> All other reference configurations (e.g. `micro`, `small`, `xlarge`) can be obtained by passing the

Reviewer 3: I would cut this sentence, I think it does not add much other than some confusion.

Author: Removed.

correct memory to this script.

> Druid services will use all processors and upto 80% memory on the system.

Reviewer 3: up to (spelling)
